Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Dont let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Hey Missouri lets defeat Crooked Hillary & @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare & amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs & fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesnt work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
So terrible that Crooked didnt report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, Israel is depressing.۝ I think Israel is inspiring!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesnt happen if Im president!
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Why didnt Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Our country is stagnant. We۪ve lost jobs and business. We don۪t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary۪s husband signed and she blessed
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
We have all got to come together and win this election. We cant have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Cant believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesnt know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
The failing @nytimes reporters dont even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. Ive been saying this for years- disaster!
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!
OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL
Trump 42%
Clinton 41%
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obamas Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didnt she do them?
Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary & CNN FRAUD!
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Disloyal Rs are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don۪t know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc theres never been anything like your lies.
There۪s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons۪ actions were far worse
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
EARLY VOTING: MN & IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN  check w/local officials for details & VOTE!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is crazy, doesnt work and doesnt make sense.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. Im turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clintons statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People dont want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio & sound level was very bad. So why didnt they fix it?
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three oclock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas & Arizona papers & now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?
My condolences to those involved in todays horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox & Friends for so reporting!
Well, now theyre saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Hillarys been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasnt she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I dont watch). Thank you!
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, @HillaryClinton.
.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
INTERVIEW on @seanhannity NOW! Enjoy.
Crooked Hillarys bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers & sm. biz, by saying she۪ll tax estates at 65%.
Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
Will be on @foxandfriends now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
.@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!
Hopefully the violence & unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity & leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country & its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we dont have a country!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Saturday۪s attacks show that failed Obama/Hillary Clinton polices won۪t keep us safe! I will Make America Safe Again!
Under the leadership of Obama & Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
.@CNN just doesnt get it, and thats why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldnt know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isnt President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havnt seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN.
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They
are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I dont even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
It wasnt Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails & the veteran who said she should be in jail.
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pe̱a Nieto.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. Shes being decimated by the media!
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Mainstream media never covered Hillary۪s massive hacking۝
or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What۪s up?
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
President Obama & Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
Crooked Hillarys V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crookeds FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didnt go to Louisiana, and now she didnt go to Mexico. She doesnt have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillarys brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wades cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border & WALL!
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American & Hispanic communities
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clintons short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Dont buy, boring!
.@AnnCoulters new book, In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying its terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, Ill tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (& someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana & another speech tonight in MI.
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didnt put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clintons term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They cant!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clintons agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Media desperate to distract from Clintons anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillarys policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clintons hacked emails.
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
Obamas disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary۪s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays & refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....thats really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillarys pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. Thats what I said!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
Wow, NATOs top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
Crookeds stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars,
NAFTA/TPP support & Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement & insticts.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
The dishonest media didnt mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crookeds speech. He wishes he didnt make that deal!
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillarys wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillarys vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillarys refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
Our country does not feel great already to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clintons 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Many of Bernies supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems dont want to talk ISIS b/c Hillarys foreign interventions unleashed ISIS & her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernies exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why arent the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix Americas problems. ISIS & all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, shes out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive & well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I dont believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Dont watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just cant go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obamas brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They dont look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People havent had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasnt chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didnt get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage & set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesnt say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Arena was packed, totally electric!
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didnt honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melanias speech than the FBI spent on Hillarys emails.
Good news is Melanias speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesnt have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. Thats because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people dont like
.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I dont watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didnt lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesnt matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con its over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look whats happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I dont have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O & Hillary!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrows news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillarys negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most
pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals & global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
Isnt it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin Crooked Hillary.
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, wont even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriffs Star, or plain star!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged & corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clintons meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bills meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clintons watch- shes done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though Im sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will
the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton۪s Presidency would be catastrophic for
the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just
never seems to work the way its supposed to with Clinton.
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I dont watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.Hes made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term mass deportation -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free & ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, & as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free peoples, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave & brilliant vote.
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, I۪m consulting with our immigration officers
& our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama & Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, & start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic & African-American workers.
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clintons honesty & judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
Hillary Clintons open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she cant even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as
Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  Shes right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor now. Enjoy!
The weekend in Texas and Arizona wss fantastic. I raised a lot of money for the Republican National Committee @Reince.
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesnt he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I dont want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims & their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I dont pay bills- false, only dont pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews by @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
In Crooked Hillarys telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I dont watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort, the worlds best.
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesnt even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews & will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isnt that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
Wow, an all Trump night on @FoxNews   Kelly File at 9:00 P.M. and @seanhannity at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border wont enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart & strong if it wants to win in November. Cant allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP cant control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, Rs!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Dont believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, Im in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money & get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style & that I dont have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- & Im beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
The Inspector Generals report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just cant close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesnt have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldnt believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesnt care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 & 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obama۪s VA Secretary just said we shouldnt measure
wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not widespread.۪ I will take care of
our vets!
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can۪t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Crooked Hillary cant even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I dont think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasnt even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I cant believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Dont watch CNN!
Will go back on for a final question now!
I like Michael Douglas!
I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she cant win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meI think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary cant close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Cant believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That۪s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the @nytimes is failingwho can believe what they write after the false, malicious & libelous story they did on me.
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Roseanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
Wow, Rosanne Brewer Lane, the most prominently depicted women in the failing @nytimes story yesterday,is on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesnt the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews
Wow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton cant close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
.@thehill  Your story about me & the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Will be interviewed on Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. and the @TODAYshow at 7:10 A.M.  ALSO, @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we۪d have no jobs in Americashe doesn۪t have a clue.
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isn۪t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump & gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaasking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn۪t care less about the American worker_does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman۪s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you_۝
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn۪t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I dont want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me & I can۪t tell the truth about her husband? Don۪t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan & the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie ODonnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beatshe had one!
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I wont do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just cant close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! Im driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton۪s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let۪s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren۪s records to see if she is Native American. I say she۪s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didnt work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the womens card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didnt inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates & otherwise. He should show them, & run as an Independent.
I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNews
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Lyin Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesnt he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time & money
Wow, Lyin Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Cant function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good & never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldnt be on the air!
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why dont they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
.@AC360  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between LyinTed Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates & otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - cant make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly cant stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors & special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldnt get to 1237. Now he cant get to 1237. Drop out LYIN Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Lyin۪ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin Ted Cruz cant win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him & K
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesnt want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin Ted Cruz cant get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It wont work!
Lyin Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
Ill be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Dont let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill OReilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I dont think so!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
I will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isnt it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
Donald TrumpThe Disrupter۝ will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster & all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
For the 1st time in American history, America۪s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical & economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party
together --- and it will happen!
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final #s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Why arent people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the @TODAYshow & @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldnt do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN & MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs & illegal imm!
LyinTed Cruz is weak & losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why cant the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women & children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Dont believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsins economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didnt start the fight with LyinTed Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jebs endorsement hurts Lyin Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I۪m the only one that was right from the beginning, & now Lyin۪ Ted & others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She۪s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin۪ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can۪t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin۪ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas just another dishonest politician.
Lyin Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. Thats why we call him Lyin Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it۪s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity @FoxNews - Enjoy!
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasnt even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I cant fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
If crazy @megynkelly didnt cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy @megynkelly says I dont (wont) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions.
Love Utah- will be back!
Why havent they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruzs guy runs Missouri?
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, & the most overrated person on tv.
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesnt have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich & Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons dont like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedState
and now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz  and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Highly overrated & crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
The reason lyin Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just dont tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted cant win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romneys historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The OReilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
Wow, just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida & I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing5 victories.  Lyin۪ Ted Cruz
had zero. Things are going very well!
.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at
Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Cant watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big & over!
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Dont reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- & should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesnt watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors arent told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
Wow, Kasich didnt qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio.
No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, & their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckermans @NYDailyNews
Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, & is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one millions dollars, and is now putting out nasty negative ads on me.They are total losers
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I۪ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000!
Thank you!
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Dont believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook & Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
Turn to the Cadillac Wold Golf Championship at Trump National Doral - Great golf being played, Rory leading!  @NBC
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today  totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn۪t have a clue.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Romneys failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- dont know how to win!
.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)
KY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of todays voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
My friend, & great businessman, Phil Ruffin is speaking today in Kansas for me at the Witchita Pachyderm Club. He lives there and loves it!
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- dont think I ever even used.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio & Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
Why cant the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale & his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but wont out of principle!
My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people cant stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Mitt Romney didnt show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didnt - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
They dont like Rubio in Florida- he left them high & dry. Doesnt even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a chocker! Mr. Meltdown.
Failed presidential candidate @MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid & didnt release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didnt win South Carolina, its over. He didnt win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Im going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone۪s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Why doesn۪t @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already.
Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too late
now!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
.@RepChrisCollins  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havnt even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didnt!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I wont be fleeing, in and out. I love & invest in Nevada!
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out & said no!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably wont let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Dont allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs & should demand security. It is time to get tough & be smart!
I use both iPhone & Samsung. If Apple doesnt give info to authorities on the terrorists Ill only be using Samsung until they give info.
I۪m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people  not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, & allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice & freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, & replace it w/ something much better.
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Watch my interview on @MSNBC , Joe and Mika, now! Have a great evening.
I will be interviewed from Charleston, South Carolina by @JoeNBC and @morningmika at 8pm tonight for one hour on @MSNBC. Enjoy!
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but its far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home.
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I wont, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
Id like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue & never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didnt want help from his family in his failed campaign and didnt even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didnt!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists & special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors & special ints
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot & I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington & Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now that I have settled my litigation with Univision, I look forward to sitting down with their star anchor (not baby) for an interview.
I just made a very satisfactory settlement with Univision over the $10,000,000 they owed me for Miss Universe broadcasting rights.Alls well
Watch Cashin In with @ericbolling this morning at 11:30 A.M. on @FoxNews - will be a great show!
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman۪s @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
Millions of $s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C.
Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesnt do better this time, he is out!
If @TedCruz doesn۪t clean up his act, stop cheating, & doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect & ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
The failing @NYDailyNews, destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. Its dead!
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDNT KEEP THEM! Hi DT
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews, looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless @NYDailyNews, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:15 A.M.
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $s and have much better healthcare!
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
I very much look forward to tomorrow۪s debate in New Hampshireso many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
Thank you @billoreilly & @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesnt want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didnt win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruzs far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
I dont believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz & Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldnt do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On @TODAYshow now!
I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:10 A.m. Enjoy.
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal & replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldnt give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
.@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz cant even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
They say that if I participated in last night۪s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more & would have broken the all time record.
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy & proud
Thank you for the kind words tonight, @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
Watching biased Charles @krauthammer, a @FoxNews flunky who didnt know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
I hear that @SenTedCruz۪s $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted۪s) holdings.?
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if Im not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
It was the childishly written & taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty & dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
.@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himselfa bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
Why doesnt phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didnt like paying
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria  @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jebs. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #s are way down!
I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.
I will be on Mornings with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
Its time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!
I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesnt have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
Based on @MegynKellys conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it wont happen!
.@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. & is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure & never sold off assets.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didnt disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesnt like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
.@BrentBozell, one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesnt he say that?
Just watched Jebs ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom cant help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - whats going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldnt have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
Will be on @seanhannity at 10:00., or 5 minutes!  @FoxNews
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost its way. Its circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Why does @Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
Happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
I will be speaking at South Point Hotel in Las Vegas at 1:00 P.M. Get there early, big crowd expected!
Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I wont beat Hillary - I WILL. But he cant beat me.
So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
I will be interviewed on @donlemon @CNN tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I wil be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Palin۪s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,۝ said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith & Freedom Coalition.
.@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy & I really appreciate your words & support. I will see you soon!
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- he۪s a winner!
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
.@TheBrodyFile great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
I dont think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we wont have a country anymore!
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they wont buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, & $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Greatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form & not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didnt report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wifes employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
.@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  @FoxNews  @megynkelly
.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
.@GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Wont be that way if I win!
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures & images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does @andersoncooper put him on?
Why does @CNN & @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Dont release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
.@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Dont blame Mitt! Now Stevens cant get a job!
Fantastic job on @CNN  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon
Dont forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBC
Face The Nations interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson
.@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Thank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
.@megynkelly recently said that she can۪t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper wont survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater & racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They arent worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn۪t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can۪t win.
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out @FoxNews Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havnt even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
I will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress  this morning. Enjoy!  @NBCNews
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews this morning. Enjoy!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
Im protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesnt give them the right to be involved!
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
.@JonahNRO, watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don۪t let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
Im leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on @TheView. We love Barbara!
The @TheView @ABC, once great when headed by @BarbaraJWalters, is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
Weak & ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and dont be ashamed of it!
.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now & seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Don۪t like @SamuelLJackson۪s golf swing.  Not athletic. I۪ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don۪t cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheatswith his game he has no choiceand stop doing commercials!
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I don۪t know @SamuelLJackson, to best of my knowledge havent played golf w/him & think he does too many TV commercialsboring. Not a fan.
Wow @UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is @JebBush۪s finance chairman. If Woody would۪ve been w/me, he would۪ve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay at 7:00. A.M. There is certainly plenty to talk about!
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia & their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
.@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBS at 10:30 Eastern. Enjoy!
Hillary said that guns dont keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner & if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Will be doing @foxandfriends on Sunday at 8:30 A.M.  Later, Face the Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. Im not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about womens issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesnt have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
.@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
I will be on @FoxNews live,  with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEARS EVE, just released more of Hillarys e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $s of hit ads on me
.@JebBush has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Im going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
I never thought Id be saying this but Ive really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. Its a loser, and my comments havent helped him much.
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. Im now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
.@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didnt do his failed debate!
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million & done. Run country my way!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. Talking about the state of the race for president, and more. Enjoy!
.@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because Im lowering taxes, while he will double & triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the womens card on me, shes wrong!
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginias Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC
.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
Why are @JebBush flunkies  @ananavarro and @secupp, two of the dumbest people in politics, always on the @CNN panels..and yet Poll:Trump 39
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Will be talking about Hillary and far more interesting subjects. Enjoy!
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
Jebs big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesnt have me answering Jebs statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
.@JebBushs opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesnt @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will @JebBush, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
.@JebBush just took millions of $s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
Its the Democrats total weakness & incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
.@JebBush today said he didnt want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, cant win!
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
.@jonkarl was totally misled, and he fell for it, that Hillary wants to run against me. She knows that I am her worst nightmare-Jon doesnt!
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
Weak & ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name & don۪t be ashamed of it!
.@MelindaDC  Don۪t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you۪ll find out after I get elected.
.@CharlesHurt  Thanks for defending me so brilliantly against @MelindaDC --  Always tough when they falsify.
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now hell probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ads.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill OReilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesnt have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!
Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isnt anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isnt it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesnt use it
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party & easily beat Hillary!
Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
Cant believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. Hes paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Why doesnt @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
.@danawhite  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!
Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M.
.@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M.
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Dont fall for it, Karl is a loser
I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Dont trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Tom Ridge is a failed Bushy & PA Governor. Him & his friend @KarlRove shouldnt be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Never get good #s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think somethings going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
.@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem.
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you.
.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesnt know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, shes being driven crazy!
Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldnt be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN
Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazines Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesnt have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
.@secupp, who cant believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN
.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. Ill end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred & danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn۪t get that I۪m good at winning!
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS & W.R.
Well, Obama refused to say (he just cant say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
Hope he wont spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary wont call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMAS SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obamas prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
.@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
@Maddow, you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. Im sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didn۪t they report?
.@marthamaccallum  Martha, great interview with my son @EricTrump -- smart, tough & professional. Thank you! @FoxNews
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
.@CNN & @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
.@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Why cant @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #s. More concerned are DemsI beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesnt have a clue! Others bad also.
Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
After my meeting with the pastors, its off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. Its going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I dont know what he looks like and dont know him!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes, or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
So, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove.
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews.  As always with Sean, will be interesting!
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowdso much to talk about!
Republicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairlybig spending planned against me. That wasn۪t the deal!
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldn۪t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
.@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancyain۪t working!
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family & I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what shes best at!
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!
.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP.
.ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
.@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!
Its too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year Ill try & be there- and theyll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for
wonderful analysis & reporting.
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, & Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope its not true, theyre so easy to beat!
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire & dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
Were stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
.@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
.@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
I didnt suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism & have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isnt smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining peoples lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete & total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obama۪s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesn۪t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - he۪s almost last.
John Kasich ad guy wanted to work for me, but his proposal was a rip off  I said NO! Now ripping Kasich.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easyhe came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don۪t want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign & debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Dont miss it!
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration & the wall. After Paris, they۪re all on the bandwagon.
I skipped a speech given years ago at Mar-a-Lago by dopey @GeorgeWill because he۪s BORINGhe never forgot!
Dopey @GeorgeWill, a big proponent of the Iraq War and other catastrophes, doesn۪t like me very much. That means I win!
Broken down political pundit @GeorgeWill, who is wrong almost all of the time, should be thrown off @FoxNews. Boring and totally biased!
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG & BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Ben Carson is being severely criticized for being incapable of understanding foreign policy be one of his top consultants. Not good!
I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible & highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big & think strong!
Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties & shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now theyre attacking the oil.
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of its former allure!
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  cant say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? OMalley is a clown.
Why wont President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isnt it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
.@seanhannity  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putinnever said I was in Green Room. Separate piecesgreat ratings!
.@CarlyFiorina  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper & pathological disease. I didn۪t say it, he did. Apology?
.@CarlyFiorina CarlyI did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to let Jeb talk, give him a chance۝ because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
We, as a country, either have borders or we dont. IF WE DONT HAVE BORDERS, WE DONT HAVE A COUNTRY!
Why wouldnt the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
.@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Todays @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30
Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
.@gerardtbaker Gerardwonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, really smart and elegant.۝
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
Marco Rubio couldnt even respond properly to President Obamas State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat & chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn۪t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
.@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary & Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by  @GStephanopoulos on @ABC   at 10:00 A.M.
.@CNN  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
.@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
They are saying that tickets to tonights Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
.@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!
Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesnt have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. Hes done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good ideaand fairto include @GovChristie & @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid & good guys. @FoxBusiness
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - dont people get it?
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isnt it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
.@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
.@CharlesMBlow  Why don۪t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
I will be on Sirius XM RADIO, National News Show, at 7:30 A.M. (Monday) hosted by the great Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singers, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs cant win
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time & money!
Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasnt in them? Interesting question!
Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought Id do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya
I told you so-@politico just lost its top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesnt have a clue - weak!
When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
.@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, @IvankaTrump.
Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national & state polls.
Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
My interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  I۪ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don۪t miss it!
.@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
Thanks, @PiersMorgan. Youre great!
Thanks everyone, they all said  I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!
@CNBC  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67....
.@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - wont be happy!
Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunts poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!
.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just cant say it!
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC۪s. Theyre not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PACs & is self-funding.
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
.@ByronYork  Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  @CNN
Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
.@CBSNews Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media wont report!
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.
Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, its what I do.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he cant manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign & not enough talking about Americas future.
Will be doing a sit down interview with  @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him & his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M.
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
.@seanhannity at 10:00.
.@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesnt happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher & sharper
Its really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M.
Its amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
.@FoxNewsSunday
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but thats only because Im on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people  no pic!
.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
No @JebBush, you۪re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother۪s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
.@JebBush,
At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice & did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
.@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
.@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I dont watch
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt & Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews.
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he۪s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler۪s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the B۝ team. She won۪t be so lucky when it comes to me!
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last nightget through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
Wow, I am giving a speech on OAN. Much more exciting than debate!
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
OMalley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at_1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a plant۝ during my speech yesterday in NH?
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA & CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress & @ThisWeekABC, I think it۪s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
Im leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no it۝ factor. Will fade fast.
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Its not going to happen with anyone else.
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
Im at Trump Intl Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, youll understand why. Just doesnt have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers & ratings are way down & he has become irrelevantglad I didn۪t do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
.@politico has no power,  but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesnt do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate todays great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, dont waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on meremember they wanted my million dollarsI said nototal frauds!
.@WayneNewtonMrLV  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
I will be interviewed on @CNN New Day at 7:03 A.M. Enjoy!
Dont ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
Im leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, Im going to win!
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M.
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30.
Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!
Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
Congratulations to my brother Robert & Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
.@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because Im saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Shouldve wonhe choked!
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the racehe is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY.
Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, & Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
.@megynkelly, the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesnt have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
The failing @politico news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
.@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Despite the establishment and the media۪s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrump۪s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M.
Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly & I have therefore decided that I wont be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
.@JuliInkster  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesnt have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews.
.@oreillyfactor, why dont you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!
I got to know @ScottWalker wellhe۪s a very nice person and has a great future.
The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that mans right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I dont think so!
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!
  -- Donald J. Trump
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last night۪s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers & a thank you note?
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
.@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) & listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
The polls are really looking good#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist & special interest $ being spent against me. I۪m turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd & arena! Thank you @mcuban.
.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I۪ll lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxesjust another lie.
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me & @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets & the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
To all my fans, sorry I couldn۪t do The Apprentice any longerbut equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season۪s  Celebrity Apprentice. Hell be great & will raise lots of $ for charity.
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldnt be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didnt get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBC۪s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Let۪s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good newsthe new Quinnipiac poll just came outI am #1 in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I۪ve been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him_.
Ill be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
Will be on Bill OReilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
Jeb۪s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brotherswow!
I۪m self funding my campaign but lobbyists & special interests for Jeb & others are starting to do big adsdesperate! Don۪t believe them.
Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength & wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrowbig crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, Ill see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 oclock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just cant read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasnt even see through glass, it was black
Wow, the Dallas event in two weeks looks like a big winner! Get your tickets (American Airlines Center) FAST!
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!
.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!
Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just dont win anymore!
.@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think Im doing poorly. @FoxNews
Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
I۪m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributionsfeel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to attack۝ Trump. Remember when u see them
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the bosses۝ and owners۝ of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on hit۝ ads funded by lobbyists & special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
For those that don۪t think a wall (fence) works, why don۪t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
The crowd in South Carolina was amazing. We set records and had a great time. Will be back soon.
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SCfar better than zero nationally. You۪re only 26 pts behind me.
.@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just cant get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on womens health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he cant even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
.@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
.@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - cant be late!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@WNTonight please correct your story tonight. The public is fed-up with bad reporting for the sake of sensationalizing something!
.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members & criminals
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment & lots of jobs for U.S.
.@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
When foreigners attend our great colleges & want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
I want talented people to come into this countryto work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
.@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC & The Apprentice to run for President!
People don۪t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Presthe Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt & folks @NBC were GREAT!
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
.@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.Im not surprised, youre a special person
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much  you are a loyal friend!
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy & assures me that Trump۝ will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
.@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, & I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable  causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history & you say nothing but bad...
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT & @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jebs name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillary۪s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush۪sall rich, will have total controlknow them well.
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary۪s private illegal emails. Huma۪s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there & you did a fabulous job on commentary.
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody & is miserable.
Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates & not him
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
If you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing, youre right.
 -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place & Womens British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night & it is certainly my intention to be very nice & highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there & will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles & misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong & he hates it!
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Womens British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I dont want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt & others talk about me but know nothing about mecrazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn۪t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN & @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
.@CNN & @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn۪t get it.
While I۪m beating my opponents in the polls, I۪m also beating lobbyists, special interests & donors that are supporting them with billions.
Governments first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.۝  Ronald Reagan
Obama۪s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Bostons Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I dont want him negotiating for me!
I۪ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women۪s British Open there this week. I۪ll go for two days & back on trail.
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch  I will win!
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won۪t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, I۪m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close & gaining.
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
.@Macy۪s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy۪s.
Isnt it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
Isn۪t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--& then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshogs new book, American Hunter.
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I۪m sending out for your new book now!
Thoughts & prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
You۪re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don۪t work out, but don۪t worry--- no problem!
.@bobbyjindal watched youon @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
.@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim OBrien-dumb guy with no clue!
Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer Obrian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
Shouldn۪t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let۪s see if he treats me fairlyenjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers & bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
Im going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
Im glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. Its about time!
.@ZachJohnsonPGA  Youre one of the truly great competitiors. I۪ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloidsaving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, it۪s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough & bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
Its a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN & @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why cant they get it right - its really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Its driving @ariannahuff & the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won۪t forget.
Gods word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.۝ - @Franklin_Graham
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesnt understand what the word demagoguery means.
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments programs, once launched, never disappear.۝  Ronald Reagan
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speechpacked house.  Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey @Lawrence O۪Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn۪t win one racea total loser. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews You shouldn۪t have @KarlRove on the airhe۪s a clown with zero credibilitya Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parentsfantastic people. Keep your sister۪s very important memory alivebig impact!
.@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macys stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago.
